docs/en/features/achievements.md, before:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
tag: [Achievement]
order: 6
comment: false
description: Snap Hutao provides the functionality to manage Genshin Impact achievements. With it, you can browse and manage the status of all achievements. Using its powerful filtering system, you can easily search for specific achievements based on version number, achievement name, achievement description, and region affiliation.
---

# Achievement Management

![Achievement Screenshot](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i2/1797064093/O1CN01Jxk0x31g6e0wP6SNL_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

Snap Hutao offers local achievement management feature, users can view and manage status of achievement

At first time use, you will follow the instruction to create an archive and name it. After that, you are still able to make new archives by click on `Create New Archive` for other game accounts

## Achievement Import <Badge text="UIAF" type="info" />

- Snap Hutao is using [Uniformed Interchangeable Achievement Format Standar](https://uigf.org/en/standards/UIAF.html) to store user's achievement data
  - This standard allows user to transmit achievement data between Snap Hutao wiht other achievement tools, such as **Achievement exporter**
- You can click on `Import` at top right menu on Achievement Management page, and select file import to load UIAF formatted data

## Achievement Export <Badge text="UIAF" type="info" />

You can click on the `Export` button in the hidden menu in the top right corner of the achievement page. In the pop-up window, select the directory and set the file name, then your data will be exported.

## Delete Archive

You can delete the current achievement archive by finding and clicking on `Delete Current Archive` in the hidden menu in the top right corner.

## Achievement Tools We Recommend

- [YaeAchievement](https://github.com/HolographicHat/YaeAchievement) <Badge text="Achievement Recognition" type="tip" />

- [椰羊 cocogoat](https://cocogoat.work/) <Badge text="Achievement Guide" type="tip" />

Commit message:

Sync with Snap.Hutao (#198)
* new hutao account (#193)

* new hutao account

* tip

* Update dev plan pic and tip (#192)

* up-to-date

* re-update

* fix

* typo

* fix setting icon

* fix en ico

* update

* update format

* update dev-plan

* Update home page and assets

* Update for 1.13.0

* Update features documents

* Update development documents

* Update statements documents

* Update advanced documents

* Update zh sidebar

* update format and typos (#199)

* update format and typos

* fix error msg

* Update docs

---------

Co-authored-by: Masterain <i@irain.in>

* QA Feedback

* Update home page

* Update docs

* Update Russian docs

* Update Indonesian docs

* add Japanese 🗾 documents

* fix syntax

---------

Co-authored-by: Mikachu2333 <mikachu.23333@zohomail.com>

docs/en/features/achievements.md, after:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
tag: [Achievement]
order: 6
comment: false
description: Snap Hutao provides Genshin Impact achievement management, allowing you to browse and manage the status of all achievements. Use the powerful filtering system to easily search for specific achievements.
---

# Achievement Management

Snap Hutao offers comprehensive Genshin Impact achievement management, allowing you to browse and manage the status of all achievements. Users can quickly locate achievements through various filtering methods, optimizing the management experience.

<!-- more -->

![Achievement Management Interface](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i1/1797064093/O1CN01fApvim1g6e0xyGQvS_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

When using it for the first time, follow the prompts and click the "Create New Archive" button to create an achievement archive and name it. After creating the first archive, users can create separate achievement archives for different accounts by clicking the "Create New Archive" button in the upper right corner.

## Achievement Filtering

Snap Hutao supports various flexible achievement filtering methods:

- Click the hidden menu in the upper right corner and select the `Only Commission Achievements` option to filter out hidden achievements that need to be completed through daily commissions.
- Enter a version number (e.g., `5.3`) in the search box to find achievements from the corresponding version.
- Enter the name of a related monster (e.g., `Pyro Hypostasis`) to quickly locate related achievements.
- Enter part of an achievement name (e.g., `four winds`) to perform a fuzzy search.
- Enter the full achievement number (e.g., `84575`) to precisely find the target achievement.

## Achievement Import <Badge text="UIAF" type="info" />

Snap Hutao supports importing achievement data through the [UIAF Uniform Interchangeable Achievement Format](https://uigf.org/en/standards/uiaf.html).

- Users can import data from **third-party achievement export tools** via URL protocol or clipboard.
- Click the "Import" button in the hidden menu in the upper right corner of the achievement page, and select "Import from UIAF File" to load achievement data in the UIAF data format.

::: tip
If you have multiple versions of Snap Hutao installed (such as the Alpha version and the official version), you need to change the default application for the `URL:hutao` link. You can find the `URL:hutao` entry in "Windows Settings - Apps - Default apps - Choose default apps by protocol" and click the icon to change it.
:::

## Achievement Export <Badge text="UIAF" type="info" />

Click the "Export" button in the hidden menu in the upper right corner of the achievement page. After selecting the directory and setting the file name, the achievement data will be exported in UIAF format and saved to the specified location.

## Delete Archive

Users can delete the current achievement archive by using the "Delete Current Archive" option in the hidden menu in the upper right corner.

## Recommended Achievement Recognition Tools

- [YaeAchievement](https://github.com/HolographicHat/YaeAchievement) <Badge text="One-Click Achievement Export" type="tip" />
- [Coconut Sheep cocogoat](https://cocogoat.work/) <Badge text="Achievement Guide" type="tip" />
