docs/en/features/character-wiki.md, before:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
tag: [Character, WIKI, Data]
order: 11
comment: false
description: The "Character Wiki" feature in Snap Hutao includes comprehensive information about all the characters in Genshin Impact. It provides essential data such as base information, talent values, constellations, and other important details. This feature helps players easily access and gather information about different characters in the game.
---

# Character WIKI

![characters-wiki](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i2/1797064093/O1CN01NbT4Kn1g6e0wf51ft_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

Character WIKI is a Snap Hutao build-in WIKI feature used to query each character's information.

## Included Data

- Character list
  - Use the icon above the list, you can change the view between `list` and `grid`
  - Click on character's icon or title, and you will be directed to its WIKI page
- Character information
  - Character information
    - Introduction of the character
    - Numerical attributes value at each level
    - Attributes
- Talent
  - Introduction
  - Numerical talent value at each level
- Constellation
- statistical information on **Team, weapon usage, artifact set usage** provided by Hutao Database
- Other information
  - Character tachie
  - Special food
  - Costume
  - Character stories

## Add to Dev Plan

- At character WIKI page, you can select character and click on `Dev Plan` on the top right to add it to your Dev Plan
  - The new plan will set the base level as `1`
  - If you want to make new Dev Plan based on character you already have, you can try [My Character](character-data.html) feature

Commit message:

Sync with Snap.Hutao (#198)
* new hutao account (#193)

* new hutao account

* tip

* Update dev plan pic and tip (#192)

* up-to-date

* re-update

* fix

* typo

* fix setting icon

* fix en ico

* update

* update format

* update dev-plan

* Update home page and assets

* Update for 1.13.0

* Update features documents

* Update development documents

* Update statements documents

* Update advanced documents

* Update zh sidebar

* update format and typos (#199)

* update format and typos

* fix error msg

* Update docs

---------

Co-authored-by: Masterain <i@irain.in>

* QA Feedback

* Update home page

* Update docs

* Update Russian docs

* Update Indonesian docs

* add Japanese 🗾 documents

* fix syntax

---------

Co-authored-by: Mikachu2333 <mikachu.23333@zohomail.com>

docs/en/features/character-wiki.md, after:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
tag: [Character, WIKI, Data]
order: 11
comment: false
description: Snap Hutao's Character WIKI feature integrates basic information, talent values, constellations, and other important data for Genshin Impact characters, providing players with a convenient way to look up character information.
---

# Character WIKI

![characters-wiki](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i2/1797064093/O1CN01OKw2Tc1g6e0qbmLe0_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

Character Data is a comprehensive built-in query tool in Snap Hutao that covers detailed data such as basic information, talent values, constellations, and character ascension materials of Genshin Impact characters, providing players with a one-stop information query service.

## Included Data

- **Character List**
  - Use the button in the upper-left corner of the list to switch the display mode:
    - "List" mode displays character avatars, names, and detailed information.
    - "Grid" mode displays only character avatars and names.
  - In "Grid" mode, click on a character's thumbnail or name to switch back to the "List" view and jump to the corresponding character introduction page.
- **Data Content**
  - **Basic Character Information**
    - Includes basic character information, CV information, attributes, and ascension materials.
    - Detailed attribute values at each level.
- **Talents**
  - Basic introduction and detailed values at each level:
    - Normal Attack
    - Elemental Skill
    - Elemental Burst
    - Passive Talents
  - Supports switching to view talent values at the corresponding level.
- **Constellations**
- **Recommended Builds**
  - Provides common character team compositions, weapon recommendations, and artifact set recommendations based on statistical information from the "Snap Hutao Database."
- **Other Information**
  - Includes character splash art, namecard, avatar, special dish, outfit information, character stories, and background stories.

## Adding a Character from the WIKI to the Development Plan

- On the character data page, after selecting a character, click the "Add to Development Plan" button in the upper-right corner to add the character to the development plan.
  - By default, the development plan starts from character level 1 (users can adjust it themselves).
  - If you need to create a development plan based on an existing character, you can use the development calculation feature on the "[My Characters](character-data.md#将当前选定角色加入养成计算)" page. For specific operations, refer to [this tutorial](develop-plan.md#基于玩家数据添加).
