docs/en/features/character-data.md, before:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
tag: [Character showcase, Character statistics]
order: 8
comment: false
description: The "My Characters" feature in Snap Hutao can retrieve and display specific data of the characters owned within a Genshin Impact account. It provides analytical data such as character level, constellations, talents, and artifact ratings.
---

# My Characters

::: info

This features required sign in to MiHoYo BBS account, please refer to [MiHoYo BBS Account Switch](mhy-account-switch.md) document for sign in tutorial

:::

My characters is a character statistics feature that allows Snap Hutao to read character's statistics on the account,
including level, constellation, weapon, talent and artifact set; we also provide artifacts rating and CRTI rating for
each character.

![My Character Screenshot](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i2/1797064093/O1CN01SpkZag1g6e0sAYQKO_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

## Sync Character Data

Recommended usage:

1. Use `Sync from MiHoYo BBS - Battle Chronicle`
2. Use `Sync from MiHoYo BBS - Development Plan`
3. Edit the showcase in the game and then `Sync from Enka API`

### Sync from Enka API

::: info Synchronous Feature

- Enka API sync data from characters displayed in the in-game character showcase
  - Data includes Artifacts detail data, weapon detail data, talent data
  - Character costume
  - This sync method only support 8 characters at a time

:::

- In the game, put **characters that you need detailed data** into the showcase
  - The character showcase allows up to 8 characters at the same time
- You need to wait for data sync to complete after editing the showcase configuration
  - You may need up to 5 minutes after enable the showcase or re-config the showcase
- Enter `My Characters` page in the Snap Hutao, Click `Sync Character Data` button on the top-right
- Select `Sync from Enka API`

### Sync from MiHoYo BBS - Battle Chronicle

::: info Synchronous Feature

- Data in this sync method comes from My Characters feature in MiHoYo official BSS
  - This method does not contain any artifacts data
  - This method can sync all characters data at a time

:::

- Enter `My Characters` page in the Snap Hutao, Click `Sync Character Data` button on the top-right
- Select `Sync from MiHoYo BBS My Characters`

### Sync from MiHoYo BBS - Development Plan

::: info Synchronous Feature

- Data in this method comes from `Enhancement Progression Calculator` feature in MiHoYo official BBS tool set
  - This sync method contains talent level data
  - This sync method can sync all characters data at a time

:::

- Enter `My Characters` page in the Snap Hutao, Click `Sync Character Data` button on the top-right
- Select `Sync from MiHoYo BBS Developement Plan`

## Add Selected Character to Development Plan

- Enter `My Characters` page in the Snap Hutao, click on character you need to add to development plan
- Click on `Development Plan` and enter target level
  - **Synchronized data of the character** will be pre-filled into current level, and you can change the target level

![rolescal](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i4/1797064093/O1CN01Ynvyso1g6e0tMntA3_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

- After adding successfully, you can find added development plan in the `Dev Plan` page in Snap Hutao

For tutorial of Dev Plan feature, please refer to [Dev Plan](develop-plan.md) document

## Export as Image

- In `My Characters` page, you can select a character and then click `Export as Image` button to create image with your
  character's data, this will help you to share your character's data
- The exported image is stored in your clipboard, and you can paste it wherever you need
- A sample exported image is shown below

![sample-output-image](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i1/1797064093/O1CN01qdWCvd1g6e0zFwB91_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

Commit message:

QA Update (#133)
* update

* win10 uninstall

* add notes about root

* format

* modify

* update

* Update FAQ.md

* Update navbar

* Update docs

* Update Gacha-system-and-export-principal.md

* correct

* update

* disambig

* update

* add warning for auto-start (need re-update)

* update

* add a tabular for showing differences in each way for sync

* center tabular

* switch to md format

* update vs

* add some

* RE-update tabualr

* update

* correct

* update

* move web login to the end

* Update game-launcher.md

* Update docs

* Update character-data.md

---------

Co-authored-by: LinkChou <linkchou@yandex.com>
Co-authored-by: Masterain <i@irain.in>

docs/en/features/character-data.md, after:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
tag: [Character showcase, Character statistics]
order: 8
comment: false
description: The "My Characters" feature in Snap Hutao can retrieve and display specific data of the characters owned within a Genshin Impact account. It provides analytical data such as character level, constellations, talents, and artifact ratings.
---

# My Characters

::: info

This features required sign in to MiHoYo BBS account, please refer to [MiHoYo BBS Account Switch](mhy-account-switch.md) document for sign in tutorial

:::

My characters is a character statistics feature that allows Snap Hutao to read character's statistics on the account,
including level, constellation, weapon, talent and artifact set; we also provide artifacts rating and CRTI rating for
each character.

![My Character Screenshot](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i2/1797064093/O1CN01SpkZag1g6e0sAYQKO_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

## Sync Character Data

Recommended usage:

1. Use `Sync from MiHoYo BBS - Battle Chronicle`
2. Use `Sync from MiHoYo BBS - Enhancement Progression Calculator`
3. Edit the showcase in the game and then `Sync from Enka API`

### Sync from Enka API

::: info Synchronous Feature

- Enka API sync data from characters displayed in the in-game character showcase
  - Data includes Artifacts detail data, weapon detail data, talent data
  - Character costume
  - This sync method only support 8 characters at a time

:::

- In the game, put **characters that you need detailed data** into the showcase
  - The character showcase allows up to 8 characters at the same time
- You need to wait for data sync to complete after editing the showcase configuration
  - You may need up to 5 minutes after enable the showcase or re-config the showcase
- Enter `My Characters` page in the Snap Hutao, Click `Sync Character Data` button on the top-right
- Select `Sync from Enka API`

### Sync from MiHoYo BBS - Battle Chronicle

::: info Synchronous Feature

- Data in this sync method comes from My Characters feature in MiHoYo official BSS
  - This method does not contain any artifacts data
  - This method can sync all characters data at a time

:::

- Enter `My Characters` page in the Snap Hutao, Click `Sync Character Data` button on the top-right
- Select `Sync from MiHoYo BBS My Characters`

### Sync from MiHoYo BBS - Enhancement Progression Calculator

::: info Synchronous Feature

- Data in this method comes from `Enhancement Progression Calculator` feature in MiHoYo official BBS tool set
  - This sync method contains talent level data
  - This sync method can sync all characters data at a time

:::

- Enter `My Characters` page in the Snap Hutao, Click `Sync Character Data` button on the top-right
- Select `Sync from MiHoYo BBS Developement Plan`

## Comparison of Synchronization Methods

|       **Comparison**        | **In-game Showcase (Enka API)** | **Battle Chronicle** | **Enhancement Progression Calculator** |
| :-------------------------: | :-----------------------------: | :------------------: | :------------------------------------: |
|  **Number of Characters**   |                8                |         All          |                  All                   |
|     **Character Level**     |               ✅                |          ✅          |                   ❌                   |
| **Character Constellation** |               ✅                |          ✅          |                   ❌                   |
|  **Character Friendship**   |               ✅                |          ✅          |                   ❌                   |
|      **Weapon Level**       |               ✅                |          ✅          |                   ❌                   |
| **Weapon Refinement Rank**  |               ✅                |          ✅          |                   ❌                   |
|         **Talents**         |               ✅                |          ❌          |                   ✅                   |
|         **Costume**         |               ✅                |          ❌          |                   ❌                   |
|        **artifact**         |               ✅                |          ✅          |                   ❌                   |
|    **artifact details**     |               ✅                |          ❌          |                   ❌                   |

## Add Selected Character to Development Plan

- Enter `My Characters` page in the Snap Hutao, click on character you need to add to Enhancement Progression Calculator
- Click on `Development Plan` and enter target level
  - **Synchronized data of the character** will be pre-filled into current level, and you can change the target level

![rolescal](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i4/1797064093/O1CN01Ynvyso1g6e0tMntA3_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

- After adding successfully, you can find added Enhancement Progression Calculator in the `Dev Plan` page in Snap Hutao

For tutorial of Dev Plan feature, please refer to [Dev Plan](develop-plan.md) document

## Export as Image

- In `My Characters` page, you can select a character and then click `Export as Image` button to create image with your
  character's data, this will help you to share your character's data
- The exported image is stored in your clipboard, and you can paste it wherever you need
- A sample exported image is shown below

![sample-output-image](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i1/1797064093/O1CN01qdWCvd1g6e0zFwB91_!!1797064093.png_.webp)
