docs/en/features/feedback-center.md, before:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
order: 3
tag: [feedback, issue]
comment: false
description: The built-in Feedback Center in Snap Hutao includes important links related to the Snap Hutao project and incorporates a document search engine. This enables players to resolve common issues and find solutions within the program itself.
---

# Feedback Center

![dashboard](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i4/1797064093/O1CN01oOYqZC1g6e0rgyJ3G_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

The Feedback Center is a feature page provided by the Snap Hutao development team to help users solve common problems. This page is laid out in a left-right structure.

On the left side of the page, we provide a convenient entry point for searching Snap Hutao documents. You can get relevant page search results by entering keywords in the search box.

On the right side of the page, we provide several useful features.

- The first part displays key information about Snap Hutao, including the version of Snap Hutao, device ID, device network information, and Webview 2 runtime version information.
- The second part includes links to Snap Hutao project issues, roadmap, and service availability monitoring.
- The third part includes documents of the main functions of Snap Hutao. You can click on the corresponding function to jump to the corresponding document page.

Commit message:

Sync with Snap.Hutao (#198)
* new hutao account (#193)

* new hutao account

* tip

* Update dev plan pic and tip (#192)

* up-to-date

* re-update

* fix

* typo

* fix setting icon

* fix en ico

* update

* update format

* update dev-plan

* Update home page and assets

* Update for 1.13.0

* Update features documents

* Update development documents

* Update statements documents

* Update advanced documents

* Update zh sidebar

* update format and typos (#199)

* update format and typos

* fix error msg

* Update docs

---------

Co-authored-by: Masterain <i@irain.in>

* QA Feedback

* Update home page

* Update docs

* Update Russian docs

* Update Indonesian docs

* add Japanese 🗾 documents

* fix syntax

---------

Co-authored-by: Mikachu2333 <mikachu.23333@zohomail.com>

docs/en/features/feedback-center.md, after:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
order: 3
tag: [feedback, issue]
comment: false
description: The built-in Feedback Center in Snap Hutao includes important links related to the Snap Hutao project and incorporates a document search engine, helping users quickly resolve common issues.
---

# Feedback Center

![dashboard](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i4/1797064093/O1CN01yGGrhz1g6e0u3q5L6_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

The Feedback Center is a feature page provided by the Snap Hutao development team to help users solve common problems. This page is laid out in a left-right structure.

## Left Side Functionality: Document Search

The left side of the page provides a built-in document search entry point. Users can enter keywords in the search box to quickly find relevant pages and solutions.

## Right Side Functionality: Information and Links

The right side of the page includes the following functional modules:

- **First Section: Useful Key Information**

  - **Device ID**: Uniquely identifies the current device, often used for reporting bugs or retrieving error logs.
  - **Device Network Information**: Includes IP address and network status.
    - Due to the different implementation methods of proxy software, some proxies may not be detected. Therefore, it is normal for "No proxy" to be displayed even when "Proxy enabled" is indicated.
    - The Alpha version always displays the location as Oversea, which is expected behavior.
  - **Webview2 Runtime Version**: Displays the version number of Webview2 on which Snap Hutao relies.

- **Second Section: Common Links**

  - **GitHub Issues**: Quickly jump to the GitHub issue tracking page, making it easy for users to submit issues or view existing solutions.
  - Access the availability monitoring page of Snap Hutao services to understand service status.

- **Third Section: Function Guide**
  - Provides document links to the main functions of Snap Hutao, including "Home", "Launch Game", "Wish Records", "Achievement Management", etc., making it easy for users to quickly locate documentation entry points.

## Interface Optimization and Precautions

- If the data on the Feedback Center page is not displayed or loaded correctly, try restarting the application or checking the network connection.
- Some display problems may be related to the user environment (such as proxy settings or system version). It is recommended to troubleshoot specific problems according to the prompts.
