docs/en/features/real-time-notes.md, before:

---
headerDepth: 0
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
tag: [Real-time Notes, Expeditions, Resin]
order: 6
comment: false
---

# Real-time Notes

::: info

This features requires you to login in to your MiYouShe or HoYoLab account in Snap Hutao,
you can check [MiHoYo BBS Account Switch](mhy-account-switch.html) for more information.

:::

![live-data-tracking](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i3/1797064093/O1CN01nh4t1T1g6dyI3Ikcn_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

## Add Role

- Click on `Add Role` button
- In the pop-up menu, find the UID you want to add, and click on the add button to its right
- Now, the game UID character's Real-time Notes should be displayed in the page
  - The Real-time Notes is set to refresh timely
    - You can click on the `Notification Settings` on the top right to manage it
    - If you want to see the data at this moment, you can click `Refresh` button to refresh data immediately
  - If you receive any warning similar to `Verification failed`, it may be caused by too many account added, and you can try to fix it youself by refreshing account cookie

## Verify Current User and Role

If you are using a MiYouShe account, then you account is very likely to be marked as robot-usage and leads to an anti-bot
verification. In this status, Real-time Notes data cannot be updated.

You can click on `Verify Current User and Role` button, Snap Hutao will pop up verification window. After finishing the
verification, then your account can be used to refresh data.

## Global Notification Settings

- In the `Notification Settings` on the top right, you can change the global settings of Real-time Notes, including:
  - Enable/Disable auto refresh
  - Refresh rate
  - Do not disturb setting
  - Prioritized notification
    - This prevent Snap Hutao's notification being closed automatically

## Independent Settings for Accounts

- Snap Hutao allows different settings on each Real-time Notes account
- Hover the cursor over the form of Real-time Notes account that needs to set
- Click on the setting button on it, and you can modify these settings:
  - Original Resin threshold value
  - Realm Currency threshold value
  - Parametric Transformer notification
  - Daily Commission notification
  - Expeditions notification
  - Display in the main page (feature coming soon)
- Click on `Save` and you can save the settings

## Delete Daily-Notes Account

- Hover the cursor over the form of Real-time Notes account that needs to delete
- Clock on the remove button on it, and you can remove the corresponding account

Commit message:

add data forwarding webhook configuation document

docs/en/features/real-time-notes.md, after:

---
headerDepth: 0
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
tag: [Real-time Notes, Expeditions, Resin]
order: 6
comment: false
---

# Real-time Notes

::: info

This features requires you to login in to your MiYouShe or HoYoLab account in Snap Hutao,
you can check [MiHoYo BBS Account Switch](mhy-account-switch.html) for more information.

:::

![live-data-tracking](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i3/1797064093/O1CN01nh4t1T1g6dyI3Ikcn_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

## Add Role

- Click on `Add Role` button
- In the pop-up menu, find the UID you want to add, and click on the add button to its right
- Now, the game UID character's Real-time Notes should be displayed in the page
  - The Real-time Notes is set to refresh timely
    - You can click on the `Notification Settings` on the top right to manage it
    - If you want to see the data at this moment, you can click `Refresh` button to refresh data immediately
  - If you receive any warning similar to `Verification failed`, it may be caused by too many account added, and you can try to fix it youself by refreshing account cookie

## Verify Current User and Role

If you are using a MiYouShe account, then you account is very likely to be marked as robot-usage and leads to an anti-bot
verification. In this status, Real-time Notes data cannot be updated.

You can click on `Verify Current User and Role` button, Snap Hutao will pop up verification window. After finishing the
verification, then your account can be used to refresh data.

## Global Notification Settings

- In the `Notification Settings` on the top right, you can change the global settings of Real-time Notes, including:
  - Enable/Disable auto refresh
  - Refresh rate
  - Do not disturb setting
  - Prioritized notification
    - This prevent Snap Hutao's notification being closed automatically
  - Customized data forwarding Webhook
    - Snap Hutao allows user to forward Realtime Notes data to other applications to reduce account's request to MiHoYo API
    - Input your third party HTTP API endpoint in `Realtime Notes Webhook Url` setting field, and Snap Hutao will forward the raw data through `POST` requests

## Independent Settings for Accounts

- Snap Hutao allows different settings on each Real-time Notes account
- Hover the cursor over the form of Real-time Notes account that needs to set
- Click on the setting button on it, and you can modify these settings:
  - Original Resin threshold value
  - Realm Currency threshold value
  - Parametric Transformer notification
  - Daily Commission notification
  - Expeditions notification
  - Display in the main page (feature coming soon)
- Click on `Save` and you can save the settings

## Delete Daily-Notes Account

- Hover the cursor over the form of Real-time Notes account that needs to delete
- Clock on the remove button on it, and you can remove the corresponding account
