docs/en/features/weapon-wiki.md, before:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Feature, Tutorial]
tag: [Weapon, WIKI, Data]
order: 12
comment: false
description: The Weapons Wiki is an integrated weapon database within the Snap Hutao toolbox. Players can use this feature to access detailed information about all weapons in Genshin Impact and choose suitable weapons for their characters.
---

# Weapon WIKI

![weapon-wiki](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i4/1797064093/O1CN016BJBYd1g6e0qbvH2x_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

Weapon WIKI is a Snap Hutao build-in WIKI feature used to look up each weapon's information

## Included Data

- Weapon list
  - Use the icon above the list, you can change the view between `list` and `grid`
  - Click on weapon's icon or title, and you will be directed to its WIKI page
- Weapon data
  - Weapon basic information
    - Images of weapon before and after ascension
    - Weapon's main image
    - Weapon's introduction
    - Weapon's numerical value at value you **switch to**
  - Weapon refinement data
    - Weapon's numerical value at each refinement level
  - Weapon's ascension materials
  - Weapon's **most used by characters** data provided by Hutao Database

Commit message:

Sync with Snap.Hutao (#198)
* new hutao account (#193)

* new hutao account

* tip

* Update dev plan pic and tip (#192)

* up-to-date

* re-update

* fix

* typo

* fix setting icon

* fix en ico

* update

* update format

* update dev-plan

* Update home page and assets

* Update for 1.13.0

* Update features documents

* Update development documents

* Update statements documents

* Update advanced documents

* Update zh sidebar

* update format and typos (#199)

* update format and typos

* fix error msg

* Update docs

---------

Co-authored-by: Masterain <i@irain.in>

* QA Feedback

* Update home page

* Update docs

* Update Russian docs

* Update Indonesian docs

* add Japanese 🗾 documents

* fix syntax

---------

Co-authored-by: Mikachu2333 <mikachu.23333@zohomail.com>

docs/en/features/weapon-wiki.md, after:

---
headerDepth: 2
category:
  - Feature
  - Tutorial
tag: [Weapon, WIKI, Data]
order: 12
comment: false
description: The Weapon WIKI is an integrated weapon database within Snap Hutao. Players can use this feature to query detailed information about all weapons in Genshin Impact and select suitable weapons for their characters.
---

# Weapon WIKI

![weapon-wiki](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i2/1797064093/O1CN018rs0K91g6e0ylQ4XT_!!1797064093.png_.webp)

The Weapon Data is a built-in WIKI feature in Snap Hutao, specifically designed for querying information about all weapons in Genshin Impact, including their **appearance, stats, refinement effects, and recommended pairings**. With this feature, players can efficiently choose the right weapons for their characters and get detailed weapon data support.

## Included Data

- **Weapon List**

  - The list supports two display modes, which can be switched using the button in the upper-left corner:
    - **List View**: Displays weapon thumbnails, names, and some information.
    - **Grid View**: Displays more weapon items in thumbnail form.
  - In "List View", click on a thumbnail or name to jump to the detailed introduction page of the weapon.

- **Basic Weapon Information**

  - Weapon icon comparisons before and after ascension, making it easier to recognize visual changes after upgrading.
  - Full-body image display, showing the complete appearance of the weapon.
  - Weapon introduction, providing the weapon's background story or related descriptions.
  - Supports switching to the corresponding level to view various weapon stats (such as Base ATK, secondary attributes, etc.).

- **Weapon Refinement Information**

  - Displays the specific attribute bonuses for each refinement rank, making it easier for players to evaluate refinement value.

- **Weapon Ascension Materials**

  - Lists the materials and quantities required for upgrading and ascending.

- **Weapon Usage Recommendations**
  - Based on Snap Hutao database statistics, shows recommended character pairings and usage scenarios, helping players optimize their weapon choices.
