docs/en/i18n.md, before:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Announcement, i18n]
comment: false
icon: iconfont icon-network
order: 7
---

# Localization

## Localization Process

Snap Hutao Project features were originally based on the China server, but we are also trying to expand the coverage globally through the support of the MiHoYo global gaming server & software localization.Currently, our localization process includes:

- Snap Hutao
  - [x] Localization framework
  - [x] Client translation
    - Process: ![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/snap-hutao/localized.svg)
    - [x] English
    - [x] Traditional Chinese
    - [x] Korean (in progress)
    - [x] Japanese (in progress)
    - [x] Indonesian (in progress; contributed by [NatsumeAoii](https://github.com/NatsumeAoii))
    - [x] Russian (in progress; contributed by [QweRezOn](https://github.com/QweRezOn))
  - [x] Oversea/China server conversion
  - [x] Oversea server account switch
  - [x] Oversea server wish history export
  - [x] Oversea server character stat
  - [x] HoYoLab login
    - [x] International server Abyss recrod
    - [x] Daily Notes
    - [x] Multilingual in-game announcements
- Snao Hutao Docs
  - [x] Localization framework
  - [x] Web translation process:
    - [x] English
    - [x] Indonesian (in progress; contributed by [NatsumeAoii](https://github.com/NatsumeAoii))
    - [x] Russian (in progress; contributed by [QweRezOn](https://github.com/QweRezOn))

## Engage our Localization

- Snap Hutao
  - We created an issue thread named `[Hoyolab] on GitHub: Globalization support` [Issue](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao/issues/144)
    - We will update our process in this thread
    - You can declare your localization engagement in the thread, and we will provide the necessary support
      - We also welcome PR directly
  - **You can provide your translation at [translate.hut.ao](https://translate.hut.ao)**
- Snap Hutao Docs
  - The developer team is maintaining Chinese documents and working on English documents
    - We thank [QweRezOn](https://github.com/QweRezOn) for the documentation in Russian
  - You can clone the [docs repository](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao.Docs), translate docs with your
    favorite tools, and make a Pull Request to contribute your work to the main repository
  - If you are adding a new language, you can copy the entire `en` folder and rename it with [ISO 639-1 language code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes)
    - For example `jp` as Japanese
    - Do not translate based on Chinese docs (`zh`) as there are some content only specific useful for Chinese users; they are not useful for international users.

Commit message:

Update Social Meta (#114)
* Update home page

* Update social meta

* Update social meta

* Update social meta

* Update twitter card img

docs/en/i18n.md, after:

---
headerDepth: 2
category: [Announcement, i18n]
comment: false
icon: iconfont icon-network
order: 7
description: Snap Hutao hopes to help players from all over the world. In addition to maintaining the simplified Chinese and English of the program, we also accept translations from community members.
image: /images/202403/zh-default-social.webp
---

# Localization

## Localization Process

Snap Hutao Project features were originally based on the China server, but we are also trying to expand the coverage globally through the support of the MiHoYo global gaming server & software localization.Currently, our localization process includes:

- Snap Hutao
  - [x] Localization framework
  - [x] Client translation
    - Process: ![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/snap-hutao/localized.svg)
    - [x] English
    - [x] Traditional Chinese
    - [x] Korean (in progress)
    - [x] Japanese (in progress)
    - [x] Indonesian (in progress; contributed by [NatsumeAoii](https://github.com/NatsumeAoii))
    - [x] Russian (in progress; contributed by [QweRezOn](https://github.com/QweRezOn))
  - [x] Oversea/China server conversion
  - [x] Oversea server account switch
  - [x] Oversea server wish history export
  - [x] Oversea server character stat
  - [x] HoYoLab login
    - [x] International server Abyss record
    - [x] Daily Notes
    - [x] Multilingual in-game announcements
- Snap Hutao Docs
  - [x] Localization framework
  - [x] Web translation process:
    - [x] English
    - [x] Indonesian (in progress; contributed by [NatsumeAoii](https://github.com/NatsumeAoii))
    - [x] Russian (in progress; contributed by [QweRezOn](https://github.com/QweRezOn))

## Engage our Localization

- Snap Hutao
  - We created an issue thread named `[Hoyolab] on GitHub: Globalization support` [Issue](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao/issues/144)
    - We will update our process in this thread
    - You can declare your localization engagement in the thread, and we will provide the necessary support
      - We also welcome PR directly
  - **You can provide your translation at [translate.hut.ao](https://translate.hut.ao)**
- Snap Hutao Docs
  - The developer team is maintaining Chinese documents and working on English documents
    - We thank [QweRezOn](https://github.com/QweRezOn) for the documentation in Russian
  - You can clone the [docs repository](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao.Docs), translate docs with your
    favorite tools, and make a Pull Request to contribute your work to the main repository
  - If you are adding a new language, you can copy the entire `en` folder and rename it with [ISO 639-1 language code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes)
    - For example `jp` as Japanese
    - Do not translate based on Chinese docs (`zh`) as there are some content only specific useful for Chinese users; they are not useful for international users.
