docs/en/README.md, before:

---
home: true
icon: iconfont icon-home
title: Home
heroImage: https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i4/1797064093/O1CN01oaGvKE1g6dut0pICS_!!1797064093.png_.webp
heroAlt: Snap Hutao
heroText: Snap Hutao
tagline: <a href="https://trendshift.io/repositories/2009"><img src="https://trendshift.io/api/badge/repositories/2009" alt="trend"/></a><br>Multifunctional Open-source Genshin Toolkit 🧰
bgImage: /images/202308/head-back.png
bgImageDark: /images/202308/head-back.png
head:
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:image:src
      content: https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/482734649/eb0f81d6-29a8-4d3c-8012-d85475cd89ee
actions:
  - text: Quick Start
    link: quick-start.html
    type: primary
  - text: Document
    link: menu.html
  - text: Project
    link: project.html

highlights:
  - header: Secure Program Designing
    image: /images/202309/security.png
    bgImage: /images/202309/head-back2.png
    bgImageDark: /images/202309/head-back2.png
    highlights:
      - title: You Control Your Data
        icon: iconfont icon-computer
        details: Your data is stored in your local device, does not rely on any cloud service or third-party platform, you have freedom control your data
      - title: We Protect Your Data
        icon: iconfont icon-lock
        details: Your data can be backed up to Snap Hutao Cloud, you never lose data when you are on a new device
      - title: Community Guards your Program
        icon: iconfont icon-anonymous
        details: Snap Hutao is open-sourced on GitHub with MIT license, we welcome community members to review and contribute to our code. The software is packaged and published through fully automated pipeline without any manual change

  - header: All-in-one Toolbox
    description: Quick start tools your need and explore more possibility
    image: /images/202308/highlights-head.png
    features:
      - title: Windows Native MSIX Application
        icon: https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i4/1797064093/O1CN01gOw0Nk1g6e0yjfAlD_!!1797064093.png_.webp
        details: MSIX packages applications in a native Windows format and supports sandbox technology, ensuring system stability and cleanliness
        link: project.html

      - title: Real-time Notes
        icon: /images/202301/live-stat-tracking-logo.png
        details: Don't be trapped by Mobile Application. Receive your Genshin real-time notes notification on your desktop with native Windows notification
        link: features/real-time-notes.html

      - title: Spiral Abyss Record
        icon: /images/202301/spiral-abyss-record-logo.png
        details: Get the personal Spiral Abyss records, including statistics and detailed data, permanently save past Spiral Abyss challenges on your device
        link: features/hutao-API.html

      - title: Multi-Account Switch
        icon: /images/202308/hoyolab-miyoushe-Icon.png
        details: Snap.Hutao supports multiple MiHoYo BBS accounts to stay logged in and create separate profiles for each account in each function, so players can easily manage their multiple accounts
        link: features/mhy-account-switch.html

      - title: Wish History Record
        icon: /images/202308/UI_BtnIcon_Gacha.png
        details: Capture your wish history from your game log, export them to your local device, with the support of unlimited account data archives
        link: features/wish-export.html

      - title: Achievement
        icon: /images/202301/achievement.png
        details: Achievement statistics feature allows players to export achievement data and keep statistics outside the game; based on achievement splitting, players can manage milestones for hidden achievements
        link: features/achievements.html

      - title: Advanced Game Launcher
        icon: /images/202308/Game_Launcher_Icon.png
        details: With the advanced launcher in Snap.Hutao, players can easily switch their Genshin accounts, switch servers, modify game window settings and further explore more advanced features
        link: features/game-launcher.html

      - title: Hutao Database
        icon: /images/202308/UI_ChapterIcon_Hutao.png
        details: Check out the details of community's current Spiral Abyss teaming, weapon matching, and artifact set matching; share your own Spiral Abyss lineup configuration
        link: features/hutao-api.html

      - title: My Characters
        icon: /images/202308/My_Character_Icon.png
        details: View detailed data about the player's character, including level, constellations, weapons, talents, artifact set, etc.; automatically calculate artifact set score
        link: features/character-data.html

      - title: Character Wiki
        icon: /images/202308/Character_WIKI_Icon.png
        details: Check the character's numerical information; talent and constellations; training materials; character's background story and other information; get the most weapons and artifact set matching scheme among players through the Hutao database
        link: features/character-wiki.html

      - title: Weapon Wiki
        icon: /images/202308/Weapon_WIKI_Icon.png
        details: Check weapon values and stories; get the most character matching data among players through the Hutao database
        link: features/weapon-wiki.html

      - title: Development Calculator
        icon: /images/202308/Calculator_Icon.png
        details: Make implementable character development plans based on your actual situation; support multiple accounts, multiple plan lists, and backpack item records
        link: features/develop-plan.html

footer: Built with <a href="https://theme-hope.vuejs.press/" target="_blank">VuePress Theme Hope</a> | Be the best Genshin Impact tool
---

## Contribute

Snap Hutao is a free software maintained by open-source community, and we hope more players with same
ambitions can join together to provide more features to the community.

You can make contribution by the following ways:

1. [Make Pull Requests to our code](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao/pulls)
2. Translate the project for a better [localization](i18n.md)
3. [Update document](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao.Docs)

<!-- @include: star-request.md -->

::: center

## Sponsorship

Snap Hutao is currently using sponsored software from the following service providers.

| [![](https://www.netlify.com/v3/img/components/netlify-light.svg =180x60)](https://www.netlify.com/) | [![](https://support.crowdin.com/assets/logos/core-logo/svg/crowdin-core-logo-cDark.svg =180x60)](https://crowdin.com/) |          [![](/images/202312/gitlab-logo.svg =180x60)](https://gitlab.cn/)           |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|              [![](/images/202312/signpath-logo.png =180x60)](https://about.signpath.io)              |                        [![](/images/202312/1Password-logo.svg =180x35)](https://1password.com/)                         | [![](/images/202312/digitalocean-horizontal.svg =180x40)](https://about.signpath.io) |

Netlify provides document and home page hosting service for Snap Hutao

Crowdin provides its SaaS platform to help Snap Hutao's localization

Jihu GitLab provides Git repository and CI/CD SaaS service for Snap Hutao in China

Free code signing provided by [SignPath.io](https://signpath.io/), certificate by [SignPath Foundation](https://signpath.org/)

1Password provides Snap Hutao development team with their amazing password management software plan

DigitalOcean provides reliable cloud storage for Snap Hutao database backup
:::

Commit message:

Update Social Meta (#114)
* Update home page

* Update social meta

* Update social meta

* Update social meta

* Update twitter card img

docs/en/README.md, after:

---
home: true
icon: iconfont icon-home
title: Home
heroImage: https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i4/1797064093/O1CN01oaGvKE1g6dut0pICS_!!1797064093.png_.webp
heroAlt: Snap Hutao
heroText: Snap Hutao
tagline: <a href="https://trendshift.io/repositories/2009"><img src="https://trendshift.io/api/badge/repositories/2009" alt="trend"/></a><br>Multifunctional Open-source Genshin Toolkit 🧰
bgImage: /images/202308/head-back.png
bgImageDark: /images/202308/head-back.png
description: Snap Hutao is a multifunctional open-source Genshin Toolkit. It is designed for modern Windows platform to improve the gaming experience for desktop players.
image: /images/202403/zh-default-social.webp
head:
  - - meta
    - name: keywords
      content: Genshin Impact,Snap Hutao,Hutao
actions:
  - text: Quick Start
    link: quick-start.html
    type: primary
  - text: Document
    link: menu.html
  - text: Project
    link: project.html

highlights:
  - header: Secure Program Designing
    image: /images/202309/security.png
    bgImage: /images/202309/head-back2.png
    bgImageDark: /images/202309/head-back2.png
    highlights:
      - title: You Control Your Data
        icon: iconfont icon-computer
        details: Your data is stored in your local device, does not rely on any cloud service or third-party platform, you have freedom control your data
      - title: We Protect Your Data
        icon: iconfont icon-lock
        details: Your data can be backed up to Snap Hutao Cloud, you never lose data when you are on a new device
      - title: Community Guards your Program
        icon: iconfont icon-anonymous
        details: Snap Hutao is open-sourced on GitHub with MIT license, we welcome community members to review and contribute to our code. The software is packaged and published through fully automated pipeline without any manual change

  - header: All-in-one Toolbox
    description: Quick start tools your need and explore more possibility
    image: /images/202308/highlights-head.png
    features:
      - title: Windows Native MSIX Application
        icon: https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i4/1797064093/O1CN01gOw0Nk1g6e0yjfAlD_!!1797064093.png_.webp
        details: MSIX packages applications in a native Windows format and supports sandbox technology, ensuring system stability and cleanliness
        link: project.html

      - title: Real-time Notes
        icon: /images/202301/live-stat-tracking-logo.png
        details: Don't be trapped by Mobile Application. Receive your Genshin real-time notes notification on your desktop with native Windows notification
        link: features/real-time-notes.html

      - title: Spiral Abyss Record
        icon: /images/202301/spiral-abyss-record-logo.png
        details: Get the personal Spiral Abyss records, including statistics and detailed data, permanently save past Spiral Abyss challenges on your device
        link: features/hutao-API.html

      - title: Multi-Account Switch
        icon: /images/202308/hoyolab-miyoushe-Icon.png
        details: Snap.Hutao supports multiple MiHoYo BBS accounts to stay logged in and create separate profiles for each account in each function, so players can easily manage their multiple accounts
        link: features/mhy-account-switch.html

      - title: Wish History Record
        icon: /images/202308/UI_BtnIcon_Gacha.png
        details: Capture your wish history from your game log, export them to your local device, with the support of unlimited account data archives
        link: features/wish-export.html

      - title: Achievement
        icon: /images/202301/achievement.png
        details: Achievement statistics feature allows players to export achievement data and keep statistics outside the game; based on achievement splitting, players can manage milestones for hidden achievements
        link: features/achievements.html

      - title: Advanced Game Launcher
        icon: /images/202308/Game_Launcher_Icon.png
        details: With the advanced launcher in Snap.Hutao, players can easily switch their Genshin accounts, switch servers, modify game window settings and further explore more advanced features
        link: features/game-launcher.html

      - title: Hutao Database
        icon: /images/202308/UI_ChapterIcon_Hutao.png
        details: Check out the details of community's current Spiral Abyss teaming, weapon matching, and artifact set matching; share your own Spiral Abyss lineup configuration
        link: features/hutao-api.html

      - title: My Characters
        icon: /images/202308/My_Character_Icon.png
        details: View detailed data about the player's character, including level, constellations, weapons, talents, artifact set, etc.; automatically calculate artifact set score
        link: features/character-data.html

      - title: Character Wiki
        icon: /images/202308/Character_WIKI_Icon.png
        details: Check the character's numerical information; talent and constellations; training materials; character's background story and other information; get the most weapons and artifact set matching scheme among players through the Hutao database
        link: features/character-wiki.html

      - title: Weapon Wiki
        icon: /images/202308/Weapon_WIKI_Icon.png
        details: Check weapon values and stories; get the most character matching data among players through the Hutao database
        link: features/weapon-wiki.html

      - title: Development Calculator
        icon: /images/202308/Calculator_Icon.png
        details: Make implementable character development plans based on your actual situation; support multiple accounts, multiple plan lists, and backpack item records
        link: features/develop-plan.html

footer: Built with <a href="https://theme-hope.vuejs.press/" target="_blank">VuePress Theme Hope</a> | Be the best Genshin Impact tool
---

## Contribute

Snap Hutao is a free software maintained by open-source community, and we hope more players with same
ambitions can join together to provide more features to the community.

You can make contribution by the following ways:

1. [Make Pull Requests to our code](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao/pulls)
2. Translate the project for a better [localization](i18n.md)
3. [Update document](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao.Docs)

<!-- @include: star-request.md -->

::: center

## Sponsorship

Snap Hutao is currently using sponsored software from the following service providers.

| [![](https://www.netlify.com/v3/img/components/netlify-light.svg =180x60)](https://www.netlify.com/) | [![](https://support.crowdin.com/assets/logos/core-logo/svg/crowdin-core-logo-cDark.svg =180x60)](https://crowdin.com/) |          [![](/images/202312/gitlab-logo.svg =180x60)](https://gitlab.cn/)           |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|              [![](/images/202312/signpath-logo.png =180x60)](https://about.signpath.io)              |                        [![](/images/202312/1Password-logo.svg =180x35)](https://1password.com/)                         | [![](/images/202312/digitalocean-horizontal.svg =180x40)](https://about.signpath.io) |

Netlify provides document and home page hosting service for Snap Hutao

Crowdin provides its SaaS platform to help Snap Hutao's localization

Jihu GitLab provides Git repository and CI/CD SaaS service for Snap Hutao in China

Free code signing provided by [SignPath.io](https://signpath.io/), certificate by [SignPath Foundation](https://signpath.org/)

1Password provides Snap Hutao development team with their amazing password management software plan

DigitalOcean provides reliable cloud storage for Snap Hutao database backup
:::
