docs/en/development/contribute.md, before:

---
category: [open source, development]
tag: ["development", "GitHub"]
icon: iconfont icon-code
order: 3
description: Snap Hutao is developed using C# and the .NET framework for both the desktop client and the server. We greatly appreciate feedback from the open-source community, and if you're willing to contribute your code, please refer to the instructions in the documentation on this page.
banner: https://opengraph.snapgenshin.cn/generate?url=https://hut.ao/en/development/contribute.html
---

# Contribute Your Code

Snap Hutao is using C# and .NET Framework to develop both client and server. If you are willing to contribute your code
to the project, please read the following guidelines.

You can find all [unsolved opened issues](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+-label%3A%E5%B7%B2%E4%BF%AE%E5%A4%8D+) on GitHub

## <HopeIcon icon="iconfont icon-visual-studio" size="1.5rem" color="rgb(193,142,241)" /> Setup Snap.Hutao Project

1. Download and install [Visual Studio 2022](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/)
2. Open Visual Studio Installer to complete Visual Studio installation
   - You need to install `.NET desktop development`, `Desktop development with C++` and `Windows application development` components
3. Install `Single-project MSIX Packaging Tools for VS 2022` provided by Microsoft in Visual Studio marketplace
4. Use git to clone the project `https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao.git` to your local device
5. Switch git branch to `develop`
6. Open project solution with your Visual Studio and then you are ready to go

## <HopeIcon icon="iconfont icon-debug" size="1.5rem" color="rgb(73,156,84)" /> Enable Debug

1. Download and install `Sysinternals Suite` from [Microsoft Store](https://www.microsoft.com/store/productid/9P7KNL5RWT25) or [Microsoft website](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/sysinternals-suite)
2. Locate and run `DebugView` program in the installed app list or unzipped folder
3. Run Snap Hutao client
4. Check DebugView output

## <HopeIcon icon="iconfont icon-pull-request" size="1.5rem" color="rgb(130,80,223)"/> Start Pull Request

- All code-related changes from authors' own branches are only allowed be merged to `develop` branch
- Please use [keywords](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/using-keywords-in-issues-and-pull-requests) to link your PR or commits with issues, so issues can be automatically closed once commits are merged into `main` branch.

## <HopeIcon icon="iconfont icon-build-package" size="1.5rem" color="rgb(254,189,105)" /> Test Binary Package

::: warning
You need to install [DGP-Studio CA certificate](https://github.com/DGP-Automation/Hutao-Auto-Release/releases/download/certificate-ca/DGP_Studio_CA.crt) as `Trusted Root Certification Authorities` to allow Alpha versions be installed.
:::

Once you `push`, a GitHub Actions script will automatically run to build the latest solution for your branch. If the branch name is one of the `main`, `develop`, or `feat` branches, the script will also automatically upload the `Snap Hutao Alpha` archive of its build for testing; other branches will only validate buildability and will not provide an upload.

You can find the full build log in the [Snap Hutao Alpha pipeline](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao/actions/workflows/alpha.yml).

Commit message:

Sync with Snap.Hutao (#198)
* new hutao account (#193)

* new hutao account

* tip

* Update dev plan pic and tip (#192)

* up-to-date

* re-update

* fix

* typo

* fix setting icon

* fix en ico

* update

* update format

* update dev-plan

* Update home page and assets

* Update for 1.13.0

* Update features documents

* Update development documents

* Update statements documents

* Update advanced documents

* Update zh sidebar

* update format and typos (#199)

* update format and typos

* fix error msg

* Update docs

---------

Co-authored-by: Masterain <i@irain.in>

* QA Feedback

* Update home page

* Update docs

* Update Russian docs

* Update Indonesian docs

* add Japanese 🗾 documents

* fix syntax

---------

Co-authored-by: Mikachu2333 <mikachu.23333@zohomail.com>

docs/en/development/contribute.md, after:

---
category: [Open Source, Development]
tag: ["Development", "GitHub"]
icon: iconfont icon-code
order: 3
description: Snap Hutao is developed using C# and the .NET framework for both the desktop client and server. We greatly appreciate feedback from the open-source community, and if you're willing to contribute your code, please refer to the instructions in this document.
banner: https://opengraph.snapgenshin.cn/generate?url=https://hut.ao/en/development/contribute.html
---

# Contribute Your Code

Snap Hutao is developed using `C#` and the `.NET Framework` for both the desktop client and server. We greatly appreciate feedback from the open-source community. If you are willing to contribute your code, please read the following guidelines.

You can find all [unsolved opened issues](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+-label%3A%E5%B7%B2%E5%AE%8C%E6%88%90) on GitHub.

## <HopeIcon icon="iconfont icon-visual-studio" size="1.5rem" color="rgb(193,142,241)" /> Setup Snap Hutao Project

1.  Download and install [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/)
    - You need to install the following components:
      - `.NET desktop development`
      - `Desktop development with C++`
      - `Windows application development`
2.  Install `Single-project MSIX Packaging Tools for VS 2022` provided by Microsoft from the Visual Studio Marketplace.
3.  Use Git to clone the project repository: `https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao.git`.
4.  Switch the branch to `develop`.
5.  Open the project solution with Visual Studio, and then you are ready to start developing.

## <HopeIcon icon="iconfont icon-debug" size="1.5rem" color="rgb(73,156,84)" /> Enable Debug

1. Download and install [Sysinternals Suite](https://www.microsoft.com/store/productid/9P7KNL5RWT25) from the Microsoft Store or download it from the [Microsoft website](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/sysinternals-suite).
2. Locate and run the `DebugView` program (either in the Start menu or in the unzipped files).
3. Launch the Snap Hutao main program.
4. Observe the debug information output by `DebugView`.

## <HopeIcon icon="iconfont icon-pull-request" size="1.5rem" color="rgb(130,80,223)"/> Start Pull Request

- All Pull Requests not initiated from other branches of the project are only allowed to be merged into the `develop` branch.
- If your code is related to an existing issue, please use [keywords](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/using-keywords-in-issues-and-pull-requests) to link your PR to the relevant issue. This will automatically close the issue when the PR is merged into the `main` branch.

## <HopeIcon icon="iconfont icon-build-package" size="1.5rem" color="rgb(254,189,105)" /> Test Binary Package

::: warning Attention
If you want to try the latest Alpha version, please download and install [**DGP_Studio_CA.crt**](https://github.com/DGP-Automation/Hutao-Auto-Release/releases/download/certificate-ca/DGP_Studio_CA.crt) to **Trusted Root Certification Authorities** first.
:::

- After each `push`, a GitHub Actions script will automatically run to build the latest solution:
  - For the `main`, `develop`, and `feat` branches, the script will automatically upload the built `Snap Hutao Alpha` archive for testing.
  - Other branches will only verify code buildability and will not provide an upload feature.
- You can view all build logs in the [Alpha pipeline](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao/actions/workflows/alpha.yml).
