docs/en/advanced/FAQ.md, before:

---
headerDepth: 2
icon: iconfont icon-ask
category:
  - FAQ
order: 1
description: This page lists common issues and solutions related to user networking and program lifecycle problems.
banner: https://opengraph.snapgenshin.cn/generate?url=https://hut.ao/en/advanced/faq.html&has_description=False
---

# Other FAQ

### How to Create Desktop Shortcut (with No Admin Privilege)

::: tip Community Power

Thanks to [CzHUV](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao.Docs/issues/12) for the solution.

:::

- Use `Win+R` to start run, in the window input `shell:AppsFolder` ![Run](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i3/1797064093/O1CN01Jj8c6i1g6du728e5A_!!1797064093.png)
- In the new pop-up window, find Snap Hutao
- Right lick on it, and click `Create shortcut`
- Confirm the operation and you will get the desktop shortcut

### How to Create Desktop Shortcut (With Admin Privilege)

Click `Create Desktop Shortcut` in the settings page.

### How to run Snap Hutao when Windows starts

**This is a workaround solution**

- Create a bat file, content refers to [this Issue](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao/issues/184), it allows bat to run Snap Hutao with Administrator privilege
- Create a Scheduled Task, run the bat when Windows startup, or drag it to Windows start folder

### Unable to Run Snap Hutao as Administrator

> This issue only occurs in Windows 10 older than 22H2 version

- When user's OS version older than `Windows Build 19045` (aka Windows 10 22H2), Snap Hutao is unable to start when
  running as Administrator
  - This issue comes from Windows kernel, and it's hard to locate, so we suggest you to update your OS to the latest version

### Use Snap Hutao with Network Proxy

> Snap Hutao has a well-designed cloud network structure, you should be able to get good network service wherever you are located

Loopback network are disabled for all Windows Appx container application (including Snap Hutao), so some modern network proxy software will cause container applications to lose Internet access, and lead to application errors.

If you need network proxy to use Snap Hutao, you have two ways to fix it:

1. Enable `TUN Mode` in your network proxy software
2. Unlock Loopback restrictions in Feedback Center

Commit message:

QA Update (#133)
* update

* win10 uninstall

* add notes about root

* format

* modify

* update

* Update FAQ.md

* Update navbar

* Update docs

* Update Gacha-system-and-export-principal.md

* correct

* update

* disambig

* update

* add warning for auto-start (need re-update)

* update

* add a tabular for showing differences in each way for sync

* center tabular

* switch to md format

* update vs

* add some

* RE-update tabualr

* update

* correct

* update

* move web login to the end

* Update game-launcher.md

* Update docs

* Update character-data.md

---------

Co-authored-by: LinkChou <linkchou@yandex.com>
Co-authored-by: Masterain <i@irain.in>

docs/en/advanced/FAQ.md, after:

---
headerDepth: 2
icon: iconfont icon-ask
category:
  - FAQ
order: 1
description: This page lists common issues and solutions related to user networking and program lifecycle problems.
banner: https://opengraph.snapgenshin.cn/generate?url=https://hut.ao/en/advanced/faq.html&has_description=False
---

# Other FAQ

### How to Create Desktop Shortcut (with No Admin Privilege)

::: tip Community Power

Thanks to [CzHUV](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao.Docs/issues/12) for the solution.

:::

- Use `Win+R` to start run, in the window input `shell:AppsFolder` ![Run](https://img.alicdn.com/imgextra/i3/1797064093/O1CN01Jj8c6i1g6du728e5A_!!1797064093.png)
- In the new pop-up window, find Snap Hutao
- Right lick on it, and click `Create shortcut`
- Confirm the operation and you will get the desktop shortcut

### How to Create Desktop Shortcut (With Admin Privilege)

Click `Create Desktop Shortcut` in the settings page.

### How to run Snap Hutao when Windows starts

::: warning

**This is a workaround solution.** Approaches may fail in practice due to various problems.

:::

- Create a bat file, content refers to [this Issue](https://github.com/DGP-Studio/Snap.Hutao/issues/184), it allows bat to run Snap Hutao with Administrator privilege
- Create a Scheduled Task, run the bat when Windows startup, or drag it to Windows start folder

### Unable to Run Snap Hutao as Administrator

> This issue only occurs in Windows 10 older than 22H2 version

- When user's OS version older than `Windows Build 19045` (aka Windows 10 22H2), Snap Hutao is unable to start when
  running as Administrator
  - This issue comes from Windows kernel, and it's hard to locate, so we suggest you to update your OS to the latest version

### Use Snap Hutao with Network Proxy

> Snap Hutao has a well-designed cloud network structure, you should be able to get good network service wherever you are located

Loopback network are disabled for all Windows Appx container application (including Snap Hutao), so some modern network proxy software will cause container applications to lose Internet access, and lead to application errors.

If you need network proxy to use Snap Hutao, you can try the following solutions:

- Config in Snap Hutao
  - Open `Feedback Center` and click `Config Loopback Exemption` and follow the instructions
- Config in network proxy software
  1. Enable `TUN Mode` in your network proxy software if it supports
  2. Contact your network proxy software provider for help, ask solution of Windows Appx container application proxy configuration
