docs/en/advanced/get-stoken-cookie-from-the-third-party.md, before:

---
category:
  - FAQ
  - 第三方工具
icon: iconfont icon-read
order: 7
comment: false
---

# 使用第三方工具获取有 Stoken 的 cookie

::: warning

- 以下步骤中涉及的软件、开源项目等资源均来源于互联网，与 DGP-Studio 无关
- 本说明文档仅提供有关的解决思路，仅供学习使用，具体操作与操作后果与本项目无关

:::

## Android

Android 用户可以使用开源项目 GetToken 来获取包含 Stoken 字段的 cookie

::: tip GetToken 开源项目

- GitHub：[HolographicHat/GetToken](https://github.com/HolographicHat/GetToken)

:::

- GetToken 项目的发布会包含两个 apk 文件，两者最终效果相同。根据你的设备情况选择适合你的版本即可
  - `app-release.apk` 为一个 LSPosed 插件允许用户在官方米游社中使用 GetToken 功能
  - 名称以`lspatched`结尾的 apk 文件是一个已包含 GetToken 功能的修改版米游社程序
    - 你需要卸载官方版米游社以安装该版本的米游社
- 启用插件或安装修改版米游社后打开米游社，在底栏点击"我的"，然后登录您的通行证
- 在右上角点击形如 🔑 形状的按钮
- 点击勾选 `Stoken` 选项
- 点击`复制登录信息`
- 将复制到的 Stoken 发送到已经安装了胡桃工具箱的电脑
- 在`胡桃工具箱`中的账号登录位置，点击`手动输入`
- 将之前获取到的 cookie 输入，此时即可完成登录

## iOS

iOS 用户可以在 App Store 下载抓包软件 Stream 来获取包含 Stoken 字段的 cookie

- 从 App Store 下载 [Stream](https://apps.apple.com/cn/app/stream/id1312141691)
- 对域名 `api-takumi.mihoyo.com` 进行抓包分析
- 找到并复制带有 `Stoken` 的数据
  - 形如`stuid=****;stoken=v2****;mid=****;`
- 将复制到的 Stoken 发送到已经安装了胡桃工具箱的电脑
- 在`胡桃工具箱`中的账号登录位置，点击`手动输入`
- 将之前获取到的 cookie 输入，此时即可完成登录

Commit message:

add lang ID and fix some miss-translate from en-us

docs/en/advanced/get-stoken-cookie-from-the-third-party.md, after:

---
category:
  - FAQ
  - Third-Party Tools
icon: iconfont icon-read
order: 7
comment: false
---

# Obtaining Stoken-containing Cookies Using Third-Party Tools

::: warning

- The software, open-source projects, and resources mentioned in the following steps are sourced from the internet and are not affiliated with DGP-Studio.
- This documentation provides solutions for educational purposes only. Specific operations and their consequences are not associated with this project.

:::

## Android

Android users can utilize the open-source project GetToken to acquire cookies containing the Stoken field.

::: tip GetToken Open-Source Project

- GitHub: [HolographicHat/GetToken](https://github.com/HolographicHat/GetToken)

:::

- The GetToken project's release includes two APK files, both ultimately achieving the same outcome. Choose the version suitable for your device:
  - `app-release.apk` is an LSPosed plugin that enables users to use GetToken functionality within the official miHoYo community app.
  - APK files ending with `lspatched` are modified versions of the miHoYo community app with GetToken functionality included.
    - You'll need to uninstall the official miHoYo app to install this version.
- After enabling the plugin or installing the modified miHoYo app, open the miHoYo app, click "Me" at the bottom, and log in to your account.
- Click the key-shaped icon in the top right corner.
- Check the `Stoken` option.
- Click `Copy Login Information`.
- Send the copied Stoken to the computer where the Hutao Toolbox is installed.
- In the Hutao Toolbox's account login section, click `Manual Input`.
- Enter the previously obtained cookie. You should now complete the login process.

## iOS

iOS users can download the packet capture software Stream from the App Store to obtain cookies containing the Stoken field.

- Download [Stream](https://apps.apple.com/cn/app/stream/id1312141691) from the App Store.
- Perform packet capture analysis on the domain `api-takumi.mihoyo.com`.
- Locate and copy the data containing `Stoken`.
  - It will be in the form of `stuid=****;stoken=v2****;mid=****;`.
- Send the copied Stoken to the computer where the Hutao Toolbox is installed.
- In the Hutao Toolbox's account login section, click `Manual Input`.
- Enter the previously obtained cookie. You should now complete the login process.
